Update EAP documentation for OIDC and SAML (#24734)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/securing_apps/topics/oidc/java/java-adapters-product.adoc

=== {project_name} Java adapters

==== Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform

{project_name} does not include any adapters for Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform. However, there are
alternatives for existing applications deployed to Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform.

===== 8.0 Beta

Red Hat Enterprise Application Platform 8.0 Beta provides a native OpenID Connect client through the Elytron OIDC client
subsystem.

> For more information refer to the https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_jboss_enterprise_application_platform/8-beta/html/using_single_sign-on_with_jboss_eap/index[Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_jboss_enterprise_application_platform/8-beta/html/using_single_sign-on_with_jboss_eap/index[Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform documentation].
```

===== 6.4 and 7.x

Existing applications deployed to Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform 6.4 and 7.x can leverage adapters from
Red Hat Single Sign-On 7.6 in combination with the {project_name} server.

> For more information refer to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the
```

https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_single_sign-on/7.6/html/securing_applications_and_services_guide/oidc#jboss_adapter[Red Hat Single Sign-On documentation].

==== Spring Boot adapter

{project_name} does not include any adapters for Spring Boot. However, there are
alternatives for existing applications built with Spring Boot.

> Spring Security provides comprehensive support for OAuth 2 and OpenID Connect. For more information refer to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spring Security provides comprehensive support for OAuth 2 and OpenID Connect. For more information, see the
```

https://spring.io/projects/spring-security[Spring Security documentation].

> Alternatively, the Spring Boot adapter from Red Hat Single Sign-On 7.6 can be used in combination with the {project_name} server. For more information refer to the

Reviewer 2: Maybe it's worth mentioning that the supported Spring Boot version in RH-SSO 7.6 is only up to 2.x, not 3.x.

Author: Updated to mention that it only supports 2.x (1.x is EOL a long time ago)

> Alternatively, for Spring Boot 2.x the Spring Boot adapter from Red Hat Single Sign-On 7.6 can be used in combination with the {project_name} server. For more information refer to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, for Spring Boot 2.x the Spring Boot adapter from Red Hat Single Sign-On 7.6 can be used in combination with the {project_name} server. For more information, see the
```
